my name is Emanuel I'm 17 years old and
I killed my mother she lost her life for
this as you took your first breath she
took her last they tried to revive her
she was gone and I was here she did
mentioned that she was looking for a
babysitter but I can't think of anyone
off the top of my head I'll do it when
do I start I'll talk to her tomorrow
hi what happens if the baby wakes up you
rock her back and forth and you talk to
her because she likes dad she likes to
be talked to sometimes I just don't want
to be a mother I just want to push a
button I just get on with my day she has
never had a mother and I think that that
has created awning in her
you should wear this look at you you
beautiful she's not your mother
she's nothing like your mother fear me
I just don't want her misinterpreting
your fondness for her you fine with me
going out with Arthur right I just don't
think he's boyfriend material for you
it'd be kind of nice though can't be the
three of us forever and ever I am just
dying and meet that baby
I think she started with love me the way
she loves you it's how it feels so I've
always imagined it would feel